Review  chapter 08 prettification (#196)
hjwp/Book-TDD-Web-Dev-Python: chapter_08_prettification.asciidoc

NOTE: If you spin up your dev server with `manage.py runserver`,

>     you may run into an operational error
>     "no such table: lists_list".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    you may run into a database error, something like this:
    "table lists_item has no column named list_id".
```

[[homepage-looking-better]]
.The lists page, looking good enough for now...
image::images/prettified-final.png["Screenshot of lists page in light mode with decent styling."]

> // CSANAD:  This image seemed to be broken, so I uploaded a new one.

Author: Please check the resolution, my image ended up significantly smaller in size.

Reviewer: thanks Csanad!

    "django.contrib.sessions",
    "django.contrib.messages",
    "django.contrib.staticfiles",

>     "lists.apps.ListsConfig",

Author: Btw my `INSTALLED_APPS` have single quote entries, why are these double quotes? Maybe some auto-formatter?

Reviewer: i ran black on *everything* at some point.  and i think django does too now, so everything in settings.py has double quotes these days...

(also i change to just using "lists" rather than `lists.apps.ListConfig` because the latter just seems needlesscly complicated.

    "django.contrib.sessions",
    "django.contrib.messages",
    "django.contrib.staticfiles",

>     "lists.apps.ListsConfig",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "lists",
```

Author: Oh, I didn't notice this change. Got it.
https://github.com/hjwp/Book-TDD-Web-Dev-Python/commit/8c19394faf006933ff549ecb5f1bee943b0990a4#diff-7beedde00b2fc5c59611d91793c5cec65512ef6f7202caaa18980032a7ad4c1bR513
